Graphical Hazardous Weather Outlook
Severe Hail Threat
The "Severe Hail Hazard Map" depicts the local threat of severe hail for specified areas.  It is based on the likelihood that severe hail will occur combined with the anticipated size (diameter) of the biggest stones.

Severe Hail Threat Level

Threat Level Descriptions

Extreme

"An Extreme Threat to Life and Property from Severe Hail."
Within 12 miles of a location, a moderate likelihood or greater (16% probability or greater) of severe hail, with storms capable of baseball to softball sized stones.  See diameter description below.

AND/OR...a  high likelihood or greater (26% probability or greater) of severe hail, with storms capable of golf ball to baseball sized hail stones.  See diameter description below.

AND/OR...a  very high likelihood (36% or greater) of severe hail, with storms capable of quarter to golf ball sized hail stones.  See diameter description below.

High

"A High Threat to Life and Property from Severe Hail."
Within 12 miles of a location, a low likelihood (6% to 15% probability) of severe hail, with storms capable of baseball to softball sized stones.  See diameter description below.

AND/OR...a moderate likelihood (16% to 25% probability) of very large hail (golf ball to baseball sized hail stones).  See diameter description below.

AND/OR...a high likelihood (26% to 35% probability) of large hail (quarter to golf ball sized hail stones).  See diameter description below.

Moderate

"A Moderate Threat to Life and Property from Severe Hail."
Within 12 miles of a location, a very low likelihood (2% to 5% probability) of severe hail, with storms capable of baseball to softball sized stones.  See description below.

AND/OR...a low likelihood (6% to 15% probability) of severe hail, with storms capable of golf ball to baseball sized hail stones.  See description below.

AND/OR...a moderate likelihood (16% to 25% probability) of severe hail, with storms capable of quarter to golf ball sized hail stones.  See diameter description below.

Low

"A Low Threat to Life and Property from Severe Hail."
Within 12 miles of a location, a very low likelihood (2% to 5% probability) of severe hail, with storms capable of golf ball to baseball sized hail stones.  See diameter description below.

AND/OR...a low likelihood (6% to 15% probability) of severe hail, with storms capable of quarter to golf ball sized hail stones.  See diameter description below.

Very Low
" A Very Low Threat to Life and Property from Severe Hail."
Within 12 miles of a location, a very low likelihood (2% to 5% probability) of severe hail, with storms capable of nickel to golf ball sized hail stones.  See diameter description below.

AND/OR...a low likelihood or greater (6% or greater) of small hail (less than 1 inch).  See diameter description below.

Non-Threatening
" No Discernable Threat to Life and Property from Severe Hail."
Within 12 miles of a location, environmental conditions do not support the occurrence of severe hail.     

Note: To be considered severe, hail stones must be at least 1 inch in diameter.
Small Hail - Hail less than 1 inch in diameter (from the size of peas to nickels).

Large Hail - Hail from 1 inch to 1 3/4 inch in diameter (from the size of quarters to golf balls) causing minor damage. 

Very Large Hail  - Hail from 1 3/4 inch to 2 3/4 inch in diameter (from the size of golf balls to baseballs) causing moderate damage. 

Giant Hail - Hail larger than 2 3/4 inch (larger than baseballs, such as the size of grapefruit or softballs) causing major damage. 